No way. It's impossible.
I've been practicing in the Reds Trap for over a decade
I can't beat you bastard
You have a bad heart
Even if you practice for another 100 years
You don't deserve to be compared to me
Ye Feifan, shut up for me
As long as I get the Taiji map and break through to the saint realm
I will become the Zhang Gongzi of the whole world
Really?
You can escape from me alive today
Talk about it later.
You are annoying
You forced me
It's all because you forced me
Hi leg practice
Hahahaha
Did Ye Feifan see it?
This is my trump card
This is a demon beast that I have carefully cultivated for many years
And they all have powerful demon beast bloodlines
A thousand times stronger than ordinary dragon transformation mirror masters
How dare you collude with the demon beast?
Really courting death
Hmph, if I hadn't colluded with the demon beast
How could you kill that bitch?
It was because of Qiongqi's help back then
I just killed that bitch
It's a pity
That bitch actually hid the Tai Chi diagram
Let me search for years
My mom was really blind back then
To marry a scumbag like you
Hahahaha
It's too late to say anything now
Ye Feifan, hand over the Tai Chi diagram
I can spare your life.
Or I'll make you like them
A killing machine without thinking or feeling